Hi, this is AJ with another effortless English podcast. So today is Monday and I'm here in San Francisco. I'm back in San Francisco. Last week we were in Texas. We were at a teaching conference. And the leader of the teaching conference was Blaine Ray. And first, I just want to say some nice things about Blaine Ray because he's a super nice person. He's a fantastic teacher, He's a great teacher trainer. He really helps teachers become better and better. And I went, Tomoe went and Kristen went and Joe went. We all learned a lot. We will all improve our teaching as a result of going to the conference. So thank you, Blaine Ray, you are great. See, the next thing that happened last week was that our computers crashed. Oh no. Oh no. Yes, our website crashed. So what happened? First, we got too many visitors, we got a lot of traffic. People watching the videos and trying to comment all suddenly same time. So that crashed our site. Our website went down. But you know, that's okay, that's not a terrible problem. Usually you can recover quickly. But the next problem was that our backup file, our website backup had a problem. The website host, bluehost. Puh, terrible. Don't use them. Bluehost, their backup file was bad. It had some. It was corrupt is what they say. But it basically had some problems. It was broken a little bit so we could not get the website up again quickly. So finally our computer engineer, his name is Vic Metcalf, he worked hard. He worked, he worked trying to talk to Bluehost again and again. Finally he got a good backup file. Then we moved everything to new computers, new servers and a new web host. Everything expensive, high quality and professional. So now we are ready for a lot of traffic suddenly. And that's good because Power English is coming soon. Our one day only sale. Unfortunately, we must change the date again. Right? We were hoping for tomorrow, but because our website crashed last week, we need to delay Power English just one more week. So the new date, the final date, the one day only sale for power English is now August 4th. August 4th. That's next Tuesday, August 4th, one day only power English sale. Now, to get Power English, you must be on my email list. You must join the seven rules email course because what happens at 12:01am just after midnight in New York City? That's New York City time. I will send an email to Everybody in the 7rules email list that actually will be almost 1 million people because our friends Kristen and Joe, they're also sending emails. So anyway, you will get an email and it will have A link in inside. Click the link. The link will go to the Power English sale page. Then you just click that big red button. It'll say buy lessons now, etc. Click that red button, you get Power English. So if you don't know about Power English, then you probably are not on my email list. And don't worry about it, you're fine. You can just listen to my podcast. It's too late for me to tell you everything about Power English now, so. But if you are wanting Power English, then you need to be on my email list and you probably already are. Okay, so anyway, so August 4th, it's only one day and only 15,000 copies. So we are limiting the number of lessons on August 4th to just 15,000. I think probably most of those will be gone quickly in a few hours. So if you really want Power English, I recommend that you open your email immediately at 12:01am, just after midnight, just, you know, midnight, August 3rd, 1159. Then midnight becomes August 4th in New York City. Check your email. That's when the email will come and that's when you can get Power English. Okay, so enough of that. What else am I doing? So I just finished doing some videos because we lost a little bit of work, a little bit from the website crash just three days. So today I have been making videos and doing some work to recover what we lost. And then later tonight, actually we are going to see Harry Potter. We're going to see the new Harry Potter movie. It will be Kristen and Todd, my good friend Todd. I don't know if Joe's going to go, but you guys know Kristen's from Learn Real English. Todd is just a good friend of ours and of course Tomoe and I, we're all going to see the new Harry Potter movie. Yay. And you know, I have never read the Harry Potter books, so I don't know what happens in this story. So the movies are fun for me. When the new movies come, I really, I have no idea what's going to happen. So I enjoy it. Maybe someday I'll read the books. So again, anyway, that's it. I guess that's the big update. So the computers are working again. We have a totally new system. Very professional and expensive, unfortunately, but that's okay. Very professional. We are ready for a lot of traffic now. We are growing fast and now we're ready. We are ready for almost 1 million people possibly to come and try to get Power English. Power English. The one day only sale is now August 4th. Next Tuesday, New York City time. It's just after midnight, 12:01am Just after, you know, just when August 4th begins, the first minute, that's when Power English starts. Check your email then. And finally, we're going to see Harry Potter tonight. Okay. Well, as always, you can check my Twitter page for daily audios. Every day I do a short audio, sometimes more. That's twitter.com ajhog A J H O G E. If you're on Facebook, you can also find us on Facebook. Search for effortless English on Facebook. We have an effortless English Facebook page, too, so you can see videos. I do videos almost every day on Facebook. And of course, keep checking the podcast here. So I hope you're enjoying all this English. Keep listening, keep smiling, keep enjoying your English learning. See you again. Bye.